docs: mention the experimental nature of the 0.10 branch (#1215)
ayamir/nvimdots: README.md

|  0.8   |         nvim 0.8         |
|  0.7   |         nvim 0.7         |

> **NOTE: The 0.10 nightly branch is not stable, so don't submit issues for it. This branch is only for users pursuing new features of nvim-nightly.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!IMPORTANT]
> The `0.10` branch is intended for nightly neovim builds and is **not** stable. It typically harbors subtle issues scattered throughout. Therefore, refrain from submitting issues if you happen to encounter them. They will be closed directly unless a viable solution is proposed or included.
```
My proposed changes (with added explanations):
> [!IMPORTANT]
> The `0.10` branch is intended for nightly neovim builds and is **not** stable. It typically harbors subtle issues scattered throughout. Therefore, refrain from submitting issues if you happen to encounter them. They will be closed directly unless a viable solution is proposed or included.

Reviewer 2: that new markup is so cool!

Reviewer: > this new markup looks super cool!

Haha yeah! Actually when I was browsing through some random repos a few months back and stumbled upon this feature, what really blew my mind was that it had actually been rolled out as early as 2022 (starting to really feel that FOMO vibe lmao). More deets: [community#16925](https://github.com/orgs/community/discussions/16925).

Reviewer 2: yeah i did notice this few weeks ago too, at first i thought it was some html trick lol
